How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It shows the difference between the original working version and the version
    were the bug was introduced. By analysing the lines that were changed we can
    more easily spot which changes caused the bugs.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    We can go back to previous versions to retreive previous or old thoughts. We
    can recover from versions that caused bugs or got corrupted. We can keep one
    single file in the folder.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros:	We can chose a moment were the commit makes sense (logically). Your
    		commit history will be meaningfull and the versions will be working
    		versions. 
    Cons:	We can forget to commit and lose information in case of a breakdown.
    		The commits can be to big or to small and don't have a logical sense
    		.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because Git is aimed for programing files that often envolve multiple files 
    working together and Google Docs is aimed for document files that normaly
    work on their own.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    You can use this commands to verify the changes between to versions of a
    file. With git log we can check how many files were touched by a commit.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because you have the certitude to be able to go back to a working version of
    the code if a bug happens that you don't know exactly how to solve.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Make the version control of my programs files!
